Hello.

Epiphany is upon you. Your pilgrimage has
begun. Enlightenment awaits.

Good luck.

3301

–––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––

In 2012, a mysterious message appeared on
4chan that referred to an entity called
"3301." The message contained another 
secret messege within it, a clue, a cypher. 
Those who found this clue were then led to
another, and another, until the trail went cold...

–––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––

Modeled after this international 
informatics events of the 10's, our game
immerses you in a world of cyphers, 
monsters, and mysteries as well. 

themes: cryptography, logic, linguistics, 
data security, warped reality, breaking the fourth wall 

our implementation of the Cicada mystery 
is a text-based adventure game where the 
player works through puzzles increasing 
in complexity and difficulty. the player 
interacts with the game world (and 
sometimes the real world) to progress 
through the series of events that may 
eventually lead you to the identity of 
cicada 3301.

–––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––

Our game is not yet everything we 
envisioned, but we haveve written the 
following parts:

-me command
-inspect command
-limited inventory
-drop command
-other commands (eat, use, pickup)
-healing item
-regeneration
-victory condition
-events
-complex rooms
-leveling up
-world modification (maybe?)
-game saving
-ASCII art
-help command
-live typing
